action resolution

wounds/healing

items
	attributes are traits that all items have
	an item can have additional descriptors for traits
	examples of traits are: material, weight, scale, value
	an item can also have a status (e.g. condition)

Character Creation/Development
	Definition.
		Traits:
			Characteristics are prominent string traits (e.g. name, race).
			Skills are numerical traits (e.g. Climbing).
				Each skill has starting value, usually -2.
			Powers are boolean traits with a numerical component (e.g. Flying).
				These are just skills that can be off, and are so by default.
			Attributes are prominent numerical traits (e.g. Strength).
			Properties are boolean traits (e.g. Deaf).
			(Prominent means they should be explicitly described for most characters.)
		Status:
			Bars are dynamic numerical traits (e.g. Mana).
			Inventory
				Equipped Items
				Carried Items
			Wound level
				peup
	Notes:
		Classes can be basically GM made presets
		magic can be power or property
	Creation
	Development

Qombat
	During a combat round, a player who is able to attack another player (e.g. is within range) may attempt to do so.
	It is an opposed action, resolved as follows:
		Result of attack: ReD (Relative Degree) = attacker's RoD - defender's RoD (0 is miss, 1 is graze, >1 is hit)
			RoD (Rolled Degree): 2dF + Relevant trait + StanceMod + SitMod
				StanceMod is Stance for attacker and is -Stance for defender.
					Stance is a number from -2 to 2 chosen by each player at the beginning of the combat round.
				SitMod is a modifier based on various situational conditions (see below).
		Miss: No peup
		Hit: 2x ReD + DF + 1dF (dmg die roll)
			DF (Dmg Factor): Attacker's ODF - Defender's DDF
				ODF (Offensive Dmg Factor): Relevant trait (e.g. Str) + Weapon (e.g. type, sharpness, scale, condition, etc.)
				DDF (Defensive Dmg Factor): Relevant trait (e.g. Con) + Armor (e.g. material, toughness, scale, condition, etc.)
			Hit severity comes from top left of pg. 47
		Graze: DF + 1dF (dmg die roll)
			Graze severity comes from Table 4.56
	Note that players may be simulataneously attempting to attack each other in the same combat round.
	This is resolved as above (i.e. as multiple separate opposed actions).

Target body parts:
a player may call, before their attack is resolved, that they intend to target a certain body part.
this introduces a negative SitMod into the attacker's rolled degree, based on the difficulty of hitting that body part.
if the player does not miss, then one records in addition to the usual wounds the specific body part that received the wound.
negative penalities are introduced to relevant traits (see SitMod -> injuries).

evasion

Situational stuff (e.g. positioning, weapon lengths, height advantages, cover, range, multiple combatants, injuries, peup, surprise, scale difference)
	possible suggestion for scale: log base 2
pulling punches, knocking out, stunning
speed
peup

crit system